Pathway quests

1) Boar Hunt
Guard;sThanks to the recent Bandit groups emerging our primary trade route to the city has been cut off. We need food!
Guard;sJust ahead are a family of boars. Kill them and bring back as much meat as you can.
Piglet;5
Boar;10
Civilian;sWAIT! Don't harm them! I was promised they'd be protected on this land.
Guard;sProtected? Even if you do have a deal somewhere, we NEED that meat.
Civilian;sIf that's the way it has to be... *She pulls a crafted pipe from her pocket and blows it.*
Boar;s*Let's out a tremendous roar*
Raging Boar;s*Begins to charge*
Raging Boar;10
Raging Boar;20
Piglet;s*Whimpers*
Guard;sThat's it! Take out those last few Piglets and we'll go on our way.
Civilian;sHero, don't do it! You have a choice here!
Guard;sThat's an order, hero.
Pathway;Kill the remaining Piglets|+1 STR|Guard|Good job, hero. Our families will feast once again tonight.
Pathway;Leave the remaining Piglets|+1 WIS|Guard|You're lucky I won't have you for not following orders, but, you still did good today. Next time I won't be so merciful.

2) The Crossroads
Guard;sWe can't hunt boars forever and with your recent deeds around the area now is the perfect time to strike.
Guard;sUp ahead is a crossroads where we know Bandit groups - on rotation - watch for an easy kill and robbery.
Guard;sWe've sent an empty Mule up ahead and the moment he's jumped you'll strike.
Mule;s*Lets out a painful cry*
Guard;sNOW!
Young Bandit;20
Bandit;5
Bandit Marksman;2
Young Bandit;30
Bandit Marksman;5
Bandit;10
Bandit Marksman;10
Bandit;30
Young Bandit;sI SURRENDER I SURRENDER!!
Guard;sSurrender? You've murdered so many of our good men! You can't surrender now.
Young Bandit;sYOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!
Yound Bandit;sI was tricked into joining this group - they said they were revolutionaries! I was told we were fighting for justice!
Guard;sHero, do you really believe this rubbish? FINISH HIM!
Pathway;Search the Young Bandit and take him prisoner|+1 WIS|Guard;sA wise choice, Hero. I wonder what secrets he holds?
Pathway;Kill the Young Bandit and loot his corpse|+1 STR|Guard;sHmm, it would appear he held plans leading to the Bandit's headquarters. Very good work today, soldier.
Pathway;Search the Young Bandit and send him on his way|Scroll of Enrage|Guard;sYou're putting a target on your back... but maybe you like it that way? The Young Bandit held plans leading to the Bandit's headquarters. Let's check it out.

3) The Bandit's Hideout
Guard;sHere we are, standing at the mouth of the beast.
Guard;sLet's not be gentle. They've killed countless of ours, time to give them back what they did to us.
Bandit;5
Bandit Marksman;2
Bandit;sATTACKERS! ALL MEN TO ARMS!
Young Bandit;20
Bandit;5
Bandit Marksman;5
Bandit;20
Bandit Marksman;10
Bandit;20
Young Bandit;40
Bandit;30
Guard;sThere's so many of them. Look out!
Bandit;50
Bandit Marksman;10
Bandit;50
Bandit;sHold on - I recognise that face!
Bandit;10
Bandit Marksman;10
Bandit;10
Bandit Marksman;20
Bandit;sIT'S THE FOREST ALLIANCE! HERO, DO YOU KNOW WHO IT IS YOU FIGHT WITH?
Guard;sDon't listen to him, hero! He's trying to trick you!
Bandit;sSurely you've noticed him being particularly aggressive for a royal guard? He isn't who he says he is!
Pathway;Trust the Guard|Scroll of Grace|Guard;sThank you, hero. Your faith in me is noted. Here, that map on the wall has a circle around a cavern to the North. We should take a look.
Pathway;Trust the Bandit|+1 STR|Guard;sI-I... *He looks at you and a smirk crosses his face* have made enough use of you. *He charges out and towards a cavern in the distance.*

4) The Guardsman's Truth
Vampire Bat;30
Greater Vampire Bat;3
Guard;sThanks for the clearing the bats!
Guard;sNow, after all this, it seems only clear that I reveal my TRUE identity!!
Guard;sFOREST ALLIANCE, ATTACK!!!
Forest Alliance Soldier;10
Forest Alliance Mage;5
Forest Alliance Soldier;20
Guard;sThe Bandits were robbing your people before WE were given the chance to do the same.
Guard;sFooling you with this armor I picked off a guard that - hehe - let his GUARD down was all too easy. Fooling you was even easier!
Guard;sNOW, to remove this disgusting plate and finish you off myself.
Forest Alliance Leader;sMuch better. PREPARE TO DIE, HERO!
Forest Alliance Leader;1
Pathway;Mark this location and leave, posthaste.|+1 WIS|Maverick;s*Runs towards the cavern as you leave* HERO! The guard you've been taking orders from, he's- oh, you're already well aware. Meet me back at the City and we'll discuss this further.
Pathway;Explore the cave, finishing off Forest Alliance members who still stand.|+1 STR|Maverick;s*Runs towards the cavern as you leave* HERO! The guard you've been taking orders from, he's- oh, you're already well aware. Meet me back at the City and we'll discuss this further.
